DO NOT USE W-11227823 intelligent message routing (#113)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mq-faq.adoc

If you configure Anypoint MQ queues for encryption at rest, the payloads are encrypted with the AES-256 GCM algorithm on the server side.
// end::faqEncryption[]

// tag::faqEncryptionQandEx[]

> Anypoint MQ encrypts the entire payload, including the `headers`, `properties`, and `body`, of messages sent to queues.

Reviewer: @hannanelson After discussion with the team, we decided to change this to
`Anypoint MQ encrypts only the message body.  headers and properties of messages sent to exchanges and queues are not encrypted.`
That way, if we need to stop encrypting headers and properties for queues as well, we can do it since we never documented that we encrypt them in the first place :)

Author: Updated

> The `headers`and `properties` of messages sent to exchanges and queues are not encrypted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anypoint MQ does not encrypt the `headers`and `properties` of messages sent to exchanges and queues.
```
